Our Ideas:
- Something related to plant growth. There's a lot of factors to this sso it could be cute and have real-life uses.
- 
- 
- 

POTENTIAL PROJECT IDEAS –COMP 3106 INTRODUCTION TO ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE

The following list of project ideas is not exhaustive; any project that solves a problem using artificial intelligence
may be chosen. Some of these project ideas may require a dataset; you are responsible for
creating/finding/procuring a dataset if necessary.
Note that it is recommended to do a project that has some novel aspect. Implementing a well-known solution to a
well-known problem is not very interesting. For all of these ideas, consider a novel variant (e.g. add/remove a
constraint, use different dataset, pre-process that data differently, tweak a method, etc.).

  1. N-queens variant
    The n-queens problem is a classic problem in artificial intelligence that can be solved using graph search.
    Consider implementing a solution to an interesting variant of the n-queens problem.

  2. Card game playing agent
    Card games are an interesting variant on adversarial search where the environment is not fully observable
    (i.e. cannot see cards in opponent’s hand or deck). Consider implementing a card game playing agent for a
    variant of your favourite game of cards.

  3. Path planning in multi-agent environments
    In class, we considered path planning in a particular type of task environment, involving a single agent.
    Consider planning a path in a multiple agent environment with agents who have different goals.

  4. Decision support system
    Decision support systems use data and other information to aid humans in decision-making processes.
    Rule-based or fuzzy rule-based systems are often used for decision support because they can provide
    some degree of explanation or transparency. Consider implementing a decision support system in
    environments such as medical diagnosis, business, or manufacturing.

  5. Video game playing agent
    Many video games could be played automatically by an intelligent agent. Consider using reinforcement
    learning to train an agent to play a simple video game.

  6. Game of life variant
    The game of life is a simple model of artificial life played on a grid. Consider implementing a more
    sophisticated version of the game of life that incorporates more realistic patterns of life (e.g. resource
    needs, other species, etc.).

  7. Sentiment analysis
    Social media is a vast source of data that can be used to understand popular opinions toward a variety of
    topics or issues. Using methods from natural language processing, implement methods to analyze the
    sentiments of social media posts about a specific topic.

  8. Image classification
    Over the past several years, image classification using convolutional neural networks has exploded in
    popularity. Consider developing a unique image classifier for a novel task (e.g. rare disease from medical
    imaging) using a convolutional neural network.
